So we have right here.
Search dot balance.
Plus equal to.
Remote.
We are right here.
Duff.
Withdraw.
We have right here if.
That dot balance greater than equal to
the amount.
Then what we have done we have right
balance minus equal to amount.
And we have print.
Balance.
After withdrawal.
We have right here balance else.
Here we write as.
The insufficient amount.
Really.
Account.
I mean.
Print.
Transaction.
Food.
So what it will do we if you'll deposit
some money, it will deposit.
Let me write here print.
Balance after.
Deposit.
Here we have ready dependents.
Self dot balance got it.
So what we have done,
we have created an account.
Initially we have taken the account
holder name and the balance.
Then if you will deposit it will add the
amount and show you the balance.
If you withdraw it will minus the amount
and show you the.
Balance.
But if you trying to withdraw the more
than the balance,
for example you have the 10,
000 in your account and you are trying to
withdraw the 12,
000 so it will give you insufficient
amount in account and transaction failed
OK.
You do it up to this level,
then we will call it.
I'll show you the call.
This is 1 realistic example.
In the real scenario.
It.
Um.
We're done.
See this is example I have right here.
Also self owner balance 0 owner balance
is going to manage deposit self amount
self balance amount withdraw.
Here is print insufficient fund define
self print owner self balance.
Print owner self balance.
Yeah, it'll be fine.
2.
Done.
Let me print here.
Account folder name.
And we have print here the folder name
you see.
No.
dot.
Self dot PC holder and here is.
Yes.
Account.
Balance.
12 dot.
Wellness.
OK, so when we have it.
Hello.
So this time I have not tried display
I've read show I have not tried show info.
You can write anything and this one is
deposit. This is a method.
This is a withdraw method.
So what we will write we will write the
name the the name like that show the
intended purpose.
For example for depositing the amount
this is the deposit function for.
Withdrawing the amount,
there is withdraw method for showing the
details here the show methods right?
We can write the meaningful name.
This is your complete class.
Now you want to create the object.
For example,
I have created one account holder.
Here is let's say AC1 is equal to account
and we have right here the.
Name.
Let's say that is Samir and here is the
amount, amount, 50,000 for example, right?
And we have AC to.
Here the account and this one is for
someone else. Let's say that is for chunk.
And here is the amount he have 14,
000 in his account. Fine.
This one you have you want to display the
details so we are at AC one dot show.
It will show you the display details of
Sameer and AC2 dot show.
It will display the details for.
Chunk, right? We'll go here,
view terminal.
I'm CLS.
With the name banking example, huh?
Banking.
EX dot Y.
So account holder name Samir,
account balance is this one,
account holder name is Chang and account
balance is this much now.
For example,
you want to do some sort of transaction,
so I will do.
It.
Sir, I had a question.
Yes, please.
Um, in line 5 uh,
do we no need to write self dot or but
Do we know it?
it's only fine.
Did it come again?
In line 12 and 13.
Line #12.
Uh, that entity do we need?
Do we no need to write self dot by or but
Mhm.
is fine?
Self dot balance right?
We need to write a self dot balance minus
equal to amount. OK, it's fine.
The self I am not right here.
That was my you have to write the self
dot balance as well here.
OK, here as well.
It's required. You have to write it.
I forget to write.
OK.
No.
For example,
here you want to withdraw from this
account.
Run this one.
Let me show you with one.
I have right here again.
This one object I'm writing.
So this one is here right now.
Withdraw amount. Let's see.
Mold.
The blue amount.
Is equal to plot.
We put.
Enter amount.
To withdraw.
Whatever amount user have entered we have
assigned to this withdraw amount.
We will write here AC one dot withdraw
and that W amount.
We have withdrawal.
OK, this one we have done what happened.
This one enter amount to withdraw.
I have entered let's say 20,000.
So balance after withdrawal is 20,000 -,
30,000 right?
I have run it again and this time for
example I have entered 67,000 something.
So insufficient amount in account
transaction failed.
Got it.
Do it.
The amount is equal to withdraw amount,
right?
Thank you.
Um.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Mhm.
You are.
OK.
I think.
Thank you.
See here one thing done up to this level.
OK.
I'm giving it.
Let me check.
Yeah.
Hmm. Uh, it says. Uh,
dependence versus pointy.
Polymorphism inheritance versus
polymorphism you are asking.
See inheritance is actually the
polymorphism is a part of inheritance
only right?
See inheritance means you have the base
class right? And you have the drive class.
So inheritance you it's inherited the
value.
You can use it here right now.
You can use the multiple form on this one,
so that is known as method overriding.
We have the method here.
We want to override it,
so that is method overriding.
So that is polymorphous means method
overriding.
So the method you have override here.
See here, here is show info.
This is the main method.
Here we have overrided.
So this is method overriding.
This is inheritance.
This is method overriding.
So you mean that you can do multiple
overriding. Yes,
after this developer you have the.
So let's say.
App developer, right.
In the app developer you want to override
it further. You can do it. OK, you can do.
OK, sure.
You can do one more layer and you need
the last one, right?
This is the polymorphic,
the same method we have multiple form,
so that is polymorphic or method.
And we can also have the the one method
twice and all we can write with the
different parameter.
That's method overloading.
Is it method overriding?
Uh.
Here it is.
Based on.
To the.
What you do is improve the graduate.
Yes, we don't know the problem.
Yes, sure.
I'm gonna miss.
Stop.
So guys, you can take the lunch break now.
Let me resolve that issue first.
What happened?
OK.
And #24 you see account and you're OK see
here this this one here you have two
things right? So this is a string.
I will close it here.
And this is the value to write it like
this, it will correct.
So there is 2 value.
First one is the name, name is the string,
the second one is the amount here.
So fine,
you can go for the lunch now and after
one hour we will meet. All of you,
you can go for the lunch break now.
We will start at after one hour.
Do you have an issue? I just want to.
So this is a.
OK, so I don't, I don't enter anything.
So is that correct, Sir?
Mhm.
Actually, I think.
Send message.
And then also get things into it.
Home.
OK, so it's a lunch break.
After one hour we'll join all of you.
So online one also you guys can go for
the lunch break now. Fine.
So 130 is 2:30 will start again.
Fine. Should we start now? OK,
all of you are here.
Online one also, are you there?
One of you.
Yes, Sir.
OK.
Fine. See here.
We were working on this particular
example.
This one we were working on, right?
Here.
One thing I want to ask and after that I
will show you the solution also.
Here it is.
You terminally.
You have done it.
EX dot Y.
4000.5 euros.
So this is variance after window.
See here we want that the user can't
access this balance directly and change
it from here from the outside, right?
So for example you are right AC one dot
balance.
Plus equal to something is equal to 20,
000 something.
You have changed it or you have right
here 25 something something that we don't
want that user can do this thing.
So for that we can use the encapsulation.
See here.
Whatever you have, right?
It's how bad it is this thing here.
So 25,000 started in this one.
So we don't want that you can access this
value directly. Fine.
You want you can access it through the
method only.
So for that we can use the encapsulation.
We can encapsulate it inside a.
Member see here control PC. Got it.
What I showed you that we don't want to
access this balance directly, right?
So for that we will use the encapsulation.
So here is.
Let me tell you the theory,
then we'll show you practically.
Encapsulation restricts direct access to
the object data.
We use private attribute and getter
setter method.
Getter is for returning the value.
Setter is for setting the value right.
So if you write only the get then you
can't directly.
Set the value to this one right.
For example you have to clear here the
balance and you have right here def get
balance itself.
So here self balance is returning.
You can't set the value directly to this
one.
So for example in the same.
You have a class this account.
For example you have account and you have
self balance.
Balance is equal to balance gate.
Yeah, great to this one.
And the rest thing you have right the
same like you have right earlier.
AC holder.
Hold this version.
AC holder.
You can write the same also if you want,
just to avoid the confusion.
You can write the same.
No, here it is. Uh.
We have right.
If you want to write the same,
you can write the same. No need to worry.
So here is we have created the account.
You have write AC dot balance.
Is equal to something, let's say 34,
000 something. We'll go here.
We would terminate.
And.
Fearless.
See you.
Account holder.
He will pass from here the account holder
name.
So.
Terminal view terminal.
We have done this one.
Print.
See it auto balance.
View Terminal.
Unis.
34,000.
If you have right here.
And you have tried to access the.
Valance is equal to this one.
We'll go here view terminal.
So.
Yes.
You tell me.
34,
000 so it's the same thing whether you
will write this way.
So here is we can take the value and we
can pass using the getter,
get the balance will return the balance
to self self balance.